Copyright (c) 2006-2008 The Trustees of Indiana University.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

- Neither the Indiana University nor the names of its contributors may be used
  to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
  prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Thank you for your interest in CorePy!


General documentation for CorePy, including installation and getting started
information, is primarily available online at the following URL:

http://www.corepy.org/wiki


Installation Instructions

CorePy contains several OS- and CPU-specific SWIG (C++ language) Python modules
that need to be compiled for CorePy to function properly. A setup.py script is
provided at the top level of the source tree (same location as this INSTALL
file) that will automatically compile the correct modules.

After downloading CorePy, change to the root CorePy directory
($PWD/corepy-trunk if you use a subversion checkout) and execute the setup.py
script:

$ cd $COREPY
$ python setup.py build_ext -i -f

$COREPY is the path to the root of the CorePy source tree. The -i parameter is
a must -- this instructs setup.py to compile the modules 'in-place' in the
source tree. Omitting this flag causes the compiled modules to be placed at the
top of the source tree; CorePy won't be able to find the modules unless they
are compiled 'in-place'.

If setup.py does not recognize the OS and CPU it is running on as a supported
architecture, it will abort with the following error message:

Unsupported Python platform!  Aborting.

If you see this and believe the OS/CPU you are running on should be supported
(see the OS and CPU Architecture Support Matrix on the wiki), report the
'Python platform' line from the setup.py output along with relevant information
about your OS and CPU architecture to the corepy-devel mailing list.

With the modules compiled, CorePy may be used by adding the source tree to your
PYTHONPATH:

export PYTHONPATH=$COREPY:$PYTHONPATH


64-bit CorePy

CorePy works on several 64-bit CPU architectures. To use CorePy on these
platforms, a 64-bit Python binary is needed. On linux this is not a problem;
most distributions provide 64-bit Python binaries by default. OS X, however,
only provides 32-bit Python binaries.  Instructions for compiling 64-bit Python binaries may be found on the CorePy wiki.

