Copyright (c) 2006-2009 The Trustees of Indiana University.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

- Neither the Indiana University nor the names of its contributors may be used
  to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
  prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Thank you for your interest in CorePy!


General documentation for CorePy, including installation and getting started
information, is primarily available online at the following URL:

http://www.corepy.org/wiki

The source code itself also serves as documentation.  Large portions are
commented, and many files include unit-style tests and examples at the bottom.
Also the examples/ directory contains a variety of examples and tests.

Code composition was added to the development trunk on July 29, 2009 in
revision 789.  This new functionality breaks all existing code, though only
minor changes are needed to bring things up to date.  See the wiki for more
information.

If you have bugs, questions, or comments, the best thing to do is to subscribe
and post to the CorePy development mailing list.  To prevent spam, only
subscribers are allowed to post to the list.  So you MUST subscribe before
posting!  See the URL below to subscribe:

http://www.osl.iu.edu/mailman/listinfo.cgi/corepy-devel

